Adding CONTRIBUTING.md

This was uploaded via automation. (#74)
samvera-labs/active_encode: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Reporting Issues

* Make sure you have a [GitHub account](https://github.com/signup/free)

> * Submit a [Github issue](https://github.com/samvera/{{library}}/issues/) by:

Reviewer: Looks like the script didn't replace correctly here.  This change should be reverted.

```suggestion
* Submit a [Github issue](https://github.com/samvera-labs/active_encode/issues/) by:
```
